Removed outdated disclaimer in CLM examples regarding AppStreams (#3113)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/administration/pages/content-lifecycle-examples.adoc

[#appstream-filters]
== AppStream Filters

In a content lifecycle management project, you can use the AppStream filter to transform modular repositories into regular repositories.
It does this by keeping the packages in the repository and stripping away the module metadata.
The resulting repository can be used in {productname} in the same way as a regular repository.

[NOTE]
====

> Since {productname} 5.0, AppStream repositories are natively supported throughout the UI.

Reviewer: Sooner or later, we probably can get rid of the version info and thus the ifeval variants.  Suggestion for now:

```suggestion

ifeval::[{uyuni-content} == true]
AppStream repositories are natively supported throughout the {webui}.
endif::[]

ifeval::[{suma-content} == true]
Since {productname} 5.0, AppStream repositories are natively supported throughout the {webui}.
endif::[]

```
Empty lines before and after ifevals are tricky.  I'm not whether the parser requires them here.

This will disable all the modules in the target repository.
This is especially useful for {rhel}{nbsp}9 clients, where the default versions of most modules are already included in the AppStream repository as regular packages.

To use the AppStream filter, you need a CLM project with a modular repository such as ``{rhel} AppStreams``.
Ensure that you included the module you need as a source before you begin.

.Procedure: Using AppStream Filters
. In the {productname} {webui}, navigate to your {rhel}{nbsp}8 or 9 CLM project.
    Ensure that you have included the AppStream channels for your project.

> . Click btn:``Create Filter`` and use these parameters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click btn:[Create Filter] and use these parameters:
```
